I was going out there welcome from base
to tech videos today I want to show you
how to connect your Kindle Touch to a
Wi-Fi hotspot or Wi-Fi at home and then
after that I'm going to show you how to
connect to 3g if you have one of the 3G
miles as well so first thing you want to
do go ahead and hit the button at the
bottom so that will take it off with a
sleep mode and we're going to hit the
home button just we can get back to the
main screen so upper right corner click
on where it says menu and the first
thing you want to do is you want to make
sure that wireless is turned on and if
you notice right now it says turn off
wireless that means that it's actually
connected so after you note it let's go
ahead and tap that first actually so
actually just turned it off so to turn
on wireless menu turn on wireless click
on there now go back to menu and you
want to come down to where it says
settings and then right here where it
says Wi-Fi networks
go ahead actually shows you that there's
6 available networks so go ahead and tap
on there and now so my network is name
is Rudolph so I'm going to go ahead and
come down to MS Rudolph notice when
there's a lock in front of it that means
that it's a protected network and you
have to have the code nor to login to it
so I'm going to go ahead and hit miss
Rudolph I'm go ahead and type in the
password
and let me go ahead and hide the
password okay he connect and now it's
connecting to the hotspot or to the
Wi-Fi spot and the way you know is if
you look in the corner right here it
actually will say Wi-Fi right here okay
and you'll see a little symbol that kind
of shows you like how much I mean bars
you have let's see how far I can get it
so see right there and she says Wi-Fi
and it shows you how strong the signal
is okay so that's essentially how you
connect to Wi-Fi if you're in a hotspot
you're going to do the exact same thing
make sure Wireless is on and then go
ahead and go to menu the settings and
you're going to look for wireless
network and put in the code to connect
okay now if you have a 3G Kindle Touch
the way you connect to 3G is pretty
simple what it'll do is if you're not in
an area where there's a Wi-Fi hotspot
and your wireless is turned on
it'll automatically switch to 3G so let
me show you an example so right now I
want to go to Wi-Fi networks and right
now I'm connected with my home network
which is Miss Rudolph but if I want to
switch to a 3G now let me make a
disclaimer first if I was in an area
where there's a hotspot I wouldn't want
to have 3G on because I want to say the
battery 3G actually will drain it faster
so in normal cases you wouldn't do this
but just to be able to demonstrate it
I'm going to go ahead and hit this
network which is the one I'm connected
to and it asked me do you want to forget
this network we're going to hit forget
and so now that it's forgotten all the
wireless networks that I'm surrounded by
it require a password so what the Kindle
will do is it will automatically switch
to the 3G mode so if you look right here
in the corner it actually now says 3G
okay because Wireless is turned on but
I'm not connected with a
wireless network so that's all you have
to do in order to connect to 3G and now
what I recommend to you is don't leave
Wireless on because if you read the the
specs on the Kindle Touch the battery is
supposed to last you up to two months
but that's if Wireless is not kept on
continuously so in this case I would go
to menu and now I'm going to go to turn
off wireless okay
and now that I've done that if you look
at the top right here there's nothing
right here doesn't say Wi-Fi doesn't say
3G nothing is connected so that means
that now I'm going to preserve a lot of
battery just by not being connected to a
network so that's how you connect to
Wi-Fi and that's also how you connect 3G
for your Kindle Touch hope that was
helpful
and post a comment let me know to the
other video and have a good one